README.md, before:

 Release Notes
=========

## 0.2.1

*Changes*

- added temporary:
	- loldb summoner stats card
	- champion guides card

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- IE7 styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter card only supported for NA
- champion guides card:
	- only single word names work in search
	- images not functional

*List of Current Cards*

- Server status
- Lol Nexus match scouter - TEMP
- Loldb summoner stats - TEMP
- Champion guides - TEMP
- Twitch.TV streams (all users online and random)
- Item wiki
- Champion wiki
- New skin
- Champion freeweek
- Champion and skin sale
- General news
- Patch Notes

## 0.2.0

*Changes*

- added lolscouter card
- twitch stream card changed to fixed height with scrollable region

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- IE7 styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter card only supported for NA

*List of Current Cards*

- Server status
- Lol Nexus match scouter - TEMP
- Loldb summoner stats - TEMP
- Champion guides - TEMP
- Twitch.TV streams (all users online and random)
- Item wiki
- Champion wiki
- New skin
- Champion freeweek
- Champion and skin sale
- General news
- Patch Notes

## 0.1.1

*Changes*

- added streams card
  - pulls list of online streams from TwitchTV using their API

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter still in progress


## 0.1.0

*Changes*

- width of cards are set to 300px
- Added 7 topics to the news feed
- reorganized files for the news feed:
  - all the files that are used for the default main-newsfeed topics (i.e. what we talked about - 
    cards stacked on top of each other) are the 7 files at the root of main-newsfeed
  - the default topics files will be automatically replaced by files in their respective folders 
    everytime there is a new one that comes in

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- styling still not completely finished

Commit message:

- image links now working on champion guides card - added category field to news scraper and auto generate script

README.md, after:

 Release Notes
=========

## 0.2.2

*Changes*

- image links now working on champion guides card
- added category field to news scraper and auto generate script

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- IE7 styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter card only supported for NA
- champion guides card:
	- only single word names work in search
- To Do:
	- patch notes - subcategory 
	- new skin - subcategory 
	- general news - subcategory
	- sales - subcategory and reformat 
	- champ rotation - subcategory and reformat 

## 0.2.1

*Changes*

- added temporary:
	- loldb summoner stats card
	- champion guides card

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- IE7 styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter card only supported for NA
- champion guides card:
	- only single word names work in search
	- images not functional

## 0.2.0

*Changes*

- added lolscouter card
- twitch stream card changed to fixed height with scrollable region

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- IE7 styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter card only supported for NA

*List of Current Cards*

- Server status
- Lol Nexus match scouter - TEMP
- Loldb summoner stats - TEMP
- Champion guides - TEMP
- Twitch.TV streams (all users online and random)
- Item wiki
- Champion wiki
- New skin
- Champion freeweek
- Champion and skin sale
- General news
- Patch Notes

## 0.1.1

*Changes*

- added streams card
  - pulls list of online streams from TwitchTV using their API

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- styling still not completely finished
- lolscouter still in progress


## 0.1.0

*Changes*

- width of cards are set to 300px
- Added 7 topics to the news feed
- reorganized files for the news feed:
  - all the files that are used for the default main-newsfeed topics (i.e. what we talked about - 
    cards stacked on top of each other) are the 7 files at the root of main-newsfeed
  - the default topics files will be automatically replaced by files in their respective folders 
    everytime there is a new one that comes in

*Known Issues*

- absolute link has still not been changed to relative
- styling still not completely finished
